---
layout: post
title: "April 9th, Evening"
date: 2007-04-09 22:32:35 -0400
comments: true
categories: 
author: Scott Burns
permalink: /node/20
---

Some wins and losses this evening.  On the losing side was my last SANS class.
I've been taking their SANS+S course for preparation to take the CISSP exam.
This particular class is taught on-line using a Java-based classroom product
called Elluminate.  It's always taken a bit of work to start it up on my
PowerBook and I generally expect to have to kill and restart it a few times
before it gets a good connection back to the mothership.  Tonight was worse
than usual, requiring a reboot -- thankfully fast on a Mac -- and hunting down
and deleting old Java Webstart cache files.   By the time I got it sorted and
got into my class it was already 30 minutes in and too late to get into the
flow.  I had a lot I wanted to get done this evening anyway so I bagged the
class; I can listen to a recording later and get caught up.   I'm in no wild
hurry to get my CISSP so will be spending a couple months studying up and take
the test this summer.  I already hold a current SANS GSEC cert and the subject
matter isn't wildly different.

On the win side I think we've finally gotten Chris'
[blog](http://www.chrisabraham.com) moved from MediaTemple to a dedicated
server.  It's a largish site that, was getting killed by performance problems
with the (mt) GridServer system.   I think the full site "rebuild" is just
about done so he should be back in business in no time.  I hope it finishes
soon, I'm tired and want to sleep.

The [gs](http://www.mediatemple.net/webhosting/gs/) sounds good in theory, but
in practice it's been a disappointment and I think needs another six months of
testing and tweaks before it'll be ready for prime time.  I won't be around
then, I'm going to be moving this site back to my trusty
[Linode](http://www.linode.com) as soon as I get the time.
